<body class='markdown-preview'><h1 id="-Background-">Background</h1>
<h2 id="-edible-insects-"><em>The World Hunger</em></h2>

<p>In this modern era, hunger kills more people every year than AIDS, malaria, & tuberculosis combined (World Food Programme, 2015). As world hunger refers to the want or scarcity of food in a country (Oxford English Dictionary, 1971), The United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization estimates that about 805 million people of the 7.3 billion people in the world were suffering from chronic undernourishment in 2012-2014. That means 1 in 9 people were suffering for that (World Hunger, 2015). </p>
<p>Regardless of the decreasing number of hungry people that can be seen in the table presented above, world hunger is still a major issue that needs a special attention. There are lots of things that people have done to help reduce the number. Most of them are by increasing the production rate in agriculture sector.</p>
<p>However is it true that the main reason of world hunger is because of we don’t grow enough food to feed everyone? It turns out the growth of global agriculture’s productive potential has so far been more than sufficient to exceed population growth (Food and Agriculture Organization, 2012). The reason of the world hunger is mostly because of poverty, because the poor people can’t afford the food. 
The dependence of agriculture source of food is what makes the distribution of food produced uneven. Therefore, we need a new source of food that is reliable to support; or even better – substitute the common source of food.</p>
<h3 id="Why-insect">Why Insect</h3>
<p>From that concern we are fascinated with the idea of insect as a new-reliable source of food. This idea is also supported by the UN Food and Agriculture Organization, as quoted from bbc.com said that eating insect could help boost nutrition and reduce pollution; thus eating more insect could help fight world hunger (BBC, 2013). </p>
<p>As we know that consuming insect is still an unpopular idea especially in western country, a further exploration about edible insect will be a good call as it will provide more information and people will get to know it better.  </p>
<p>So, why insect? Regardless of its looks that most of people don’t fancy, insect as food is not only contain high nutrition (protein, vitamins and minerals) that can be found in fish and meat, but also way healthier as it contains less fat (as for the ratio). Harvesting insect is way easier than harvesting cows, pigs and sheep; they need less food to raise, emit fewer greenhouse gases, and by consuming insect we also help reduce pest insects without using any insecticides. Last but not least, farming insect can become a new form of business that can be done in the developing tropical countries (which usually suffered for poverty) where those insects mostly live.</p>
<p>Here are the brief explanations of the advantages of eating insects (Huls, et al., 2013)</p>
<p>1.	Environmental opportunities: the environmental benefits lie in the high feed conversion efficiency of insects. For example, crickets require only 2kg of feed for every 1 kg of body weight gain. Insect can be reared on organic side-streams (including human and animal waste) and can help reduce environmental contamination. It emits fewer greenhouse gases and less ammonia, require significantly less land and water, and compared with mammals and birds, insect also pose less risk of transmitting zoonotic infections to humans, livestock and wildlife (although this topic needs further research).</p> 
<p>2.	Nutrition for human consumption: insects are highly nutritious and healthy food source with high fat, protein, vitamin, fiber and mineral content. For example the composition of unsaturated omega-3 and six fatty acids in mealworms is comparable with that in fish, and the protein, vitamin and mineral content of mealworms is similar to that in fish and meat. </p>
<p>3.	Insect as animal feed: insect-based feed products could have a similar market to fishmeal and soy, which are presently the major components used in feed formulae for aquaculture and livestock. </p> 
<p>4.	Processing: insects are often consumed as whole but can also be processed into granular or paste forms. Extracting proteins, fat, chitin, minerals and vitamins is also possible. At present such extraction processes are too costly and will need to be further developed to render them profitable and applicable for industrial use in the food and feed sectors. </p>
<p>5.	Livelihood and economic improvement: insect gathering and rearing as minilivestock at the household level or industrial scale can offer important livelihood opportunities for people in both developing and developed countries. It also can offer employment and cash income, for example in developing countries in Southern and Central Africa and Southeast Asia, the process of insect gathering, rearing and processing is easily within reach of small-scale enterprises. </p>


<h4 id="-Cricket-"><em>Cricket</em></h4>

<p>There are thousands of insect’s species around the world and more than 1900 species have reportedly been used as food. Globally, the most common insects consumed are beetles (Coleoptera). This is not surprising given that the group contains about 40% of all known insect species. The insect family has a great number in terms of species. The figure below shows the number of insect species, by order, consumed worldwide (Huls, et al., 2013).</p>

