layout: post
title: "Presentation for Wednesday"
tags: [presentation, status, , meeting, Melinda, Max]
description:  meeting minutes for the team project.
last_updated: 04/19/2015
---

|**Date** |**Meeting time**|**Meeting place**
| ------------- |:----------------:|:-------:
|April 20, 2015| 8:30 AM | Shunde Building, Prof. KOO's office


----------


Meeting Minutes
------
*Next meeting:  Wednesday April 22nd, Teaching Building 6*

**News**

**Discussions**
* Ben Koo meeting (structure of our report, ways of gathering information
* Questions to ask: 

*What's the format for references (in markdown)*

*How is our current report organization? Shall we merge it with parts ideas from the FAO report?*

*Is our logic model ok or shall we improve it again? If so, how?*

*Timeline?*

*Any (other) advices?*

* Discussion about the coming of iPodia students (project suggested by Echo).

*We think we should take 15 minutes during next class to ask people their ideas. It is unlikely that we will have much time to spend in the party organization*

* Discussion over what will come next

**Tasks**


----------

**DIGITAL SIGNATURES**

|**Matthias** |**Iker**|**Melinda**|**Marie**|**Max**|
|----------------|----------------|----------------|----------------|----------------|
| | | | | |
